Before I forget, I should mention that we do not yet have a projector screen. But many meetinghouse libraries have one.

I will try to have the track set up and ready by 5:40, so I can give my full attention during check-in. If boys arrive earlier than that, I suggest asking them to hold on to their cars until we are ready for check-in. Once we are ready, check-in will only take 5 or 10 minutes. If you have prepared the boys ahead of time, most of the cars will already be the proper weight and very little adjustment will need to be done.

Last week I did a derby for my ward. People arrived at 6. But the scale I brought had a European plug (it came with the SPC-4s) so my wife had to run home and grab our kitchen scale. So everyone just sat for 10 minutes. Then the projector screen fell over. Then there was another delay due to my not being able to open my wiring diagram and nearly frying the sensors after plugging them in backwards.

We didn't start racing until 6:35 pm. However, once things got going everything ran smoothly. We got through all the races in just 13 minutes. Our leaderboard shows who is racing now and who is on deck. The leaderboard shows the pictures of the cars racing, so I can instantly verify the correct cars are lined up. After releasing the starting gate, the race is over in 3 seconds, then I turn around and the next four boys are already waiting there with their cars. The median time between races was 40 seconds. If we hadn't have had so many bugs in the beginning, we could have ran everybody through twice on each lane. 

Our software records times automatically, so I didn't have to touch a spreadsheet until the races were done and it was time to hand out the awards. The software automatically uploads the results to a google spreadsheet and sorts by fastest time. If you include each boy's den during check-in, the software will also group the times by den in addition to giving an overall ranking. This makes it possible to run siblings' cars during the event and exclude them from the final rankings. The leaderboard shows the shortened URL and QR code which you can scan. So I actually just read the names of the winners directly off my phone during the awards ceremony. Here's an example: https://goo.gl/wROU5A

If you have ranks or adventures to award, I recommend doing those before the race to give a little time for check-in, in case of technical difficulties.
